🔎 What Went Wrong

"command": r"C:\Program Files\nodejs\npx.cmd",  must add the path of npx (it was fixed later after solving the conda and python version issue . no need to add path )
1️⃣ McpError: Connection closed

Your Airbnb MCP server kept failing during initialization.

The server would start, then the connection would immediately close.

It looked like an MCP or Node issue — but it wasn’t.

2️⃣ Python 3.14 Compatibility Problem

You were running the project on Python 3.14.

MCP + langchain_mcp_adapters is not fully stable on Python 3.14 yet.

Python 3.14 has changes in asyncio and subprocess handling.

That broke stdio pipe communication between Python and the MCP server.

Result → server started → pipe broke → Connection closed.

3️⃣ Anaconda Interference

Your environment was partially using Anaconda Python.

Even when inside a venv, some core libraries were being loaded from:

C:\Users\PC\anaconda3\

Anaconda modifies:

asyncio

subprocess behavior

environment handling

MCP relies on very clean stdio pipes.

Mixing Anaconda + venv + asyncio on Windows caused instability.

4️⃣ uv Was Also Using Anaconda Python

When creating the venv with uv, it showed:

Using CPython at: C:\Users\PC\anaconda3\python.exe

So even new environments were still tied to Anaconda.

That meant the problem persisted.

✅ How We Fixed It
✔ Step 1 — Installed Python 3.12

Installed official CPython 3.12 from python.org.

3.12 is stable with MCP and asyncio.

✔ Step 2 — Created Clean Virtual Environment

Created a new .venv using Python 3.12.

Ensured it was NOT using Anaconda.

Verified:

python --version → 3.12.x
where python → .venv\Scripts\python.exe
✔ Step 3 — Reinstalled Dependencies

Used:

uv pip install -r requirements.txt
✔ Step 4 — Set Correct Windows Event Loop

Used:

asyncio.WindowsSelectorEventLoopPolicy()

instead of Proactor.

🎯 Final Root Cause

It was a combination of:

❌ Python 3.14 (too new)

❌ Anaconda interfering with asyncio/subprocess

❌ Windows stdio pipe sensitivity

After switching to:

✅ Python 3.12 + clean venv (no Anaconda) + correct event loop

Everything worked perfectly.